1815 Napoleon, removed from
power took refuge on the island of
Elba. While his supporters
dream of his return,
the new royal power pursues
them mercilessly. During the
civil war, the number of arrests
and executions increases.
On a stormy night off the coast
of Cape Corso (Corsica), the ship
Pharaoh merchant crosses the path
and finds wreckage of another ship...
You saved her.
Pass me a blanket!
I forbade him to go there!
Go down to the basement! I
don't want to see you until Marseille!
What?
Do you think I'm brutal?
Not only do I know
that, but I brag about it.
Let's go!
Let's go, everyone,
to your posts!
Place it in a dry place
before it freezes to death.
Wait!
Let's go!
Napoleon's message
Did you sleep well?
You have something
that belongs to me.
I had never seen
the Emperor's writing.
Give me this letter back.
I don't think so, no.
What do you want?
A good reason not to report her.
Try silver.
It often works.
I don't have any.
But I have friends.
If you are talking
about this letter,
they will find you
and they will kill you,
Captain Danglars.
Sir?
I caused you a lot of trouble.
I don't know how to thank you.
Just did this.
Take care.
Miss...?
Angele.
Edmond.
I will never forget
your courage.
But forget my name.
Goodbye, Edmond.
Goodbye, Angele.
Morrel wants to see him.
We had just changed shift,
off the coast of Cape Corso.
The waves were strong. We
were 200 fathoms from the wreck.
Give me the logbook.
We were hitting the rubble when Dantès
wanted to leave with the rowing boat
I banned it. It was crazy.
- And truth?
- Yes sir.
- We would have done it for one of our men.
- It was my decision.
- I assumed my responsibilities.
- I ordered
we would have to turn
around and he dived.
Did you dive?
The captain had
not prohibited diving.
That's enough.
Have you seen this insolence?
Mr Morrel, I tell you,
this boy is out of control.
I don't want to sail
with him anymore.
- You won't sail with him anymore.
- I warned you.
- Because you won't
sail for me anymore.
Forgiveness?
- How could you let her drown?
- I... saved your
cargo, Lord Morrel.
- Dantes saved
my honor, Danglars.
Captain Danglars, you
are no longer captain.
Go pack your things.
- I will pay your balance.
- We don't know who this woman is.
I know what you did.
And that's enough for me.
Boy, come here.
Let's go!
Let this be a lesson for you.
Huh?
When you're a man, we
don't hide behind our position
not even under a table.
I present to you
my grandson, Maximilien.
Delighted, Maximilien.
Maximilien, I present
to you Captain Dantes.
Good morning, captain.
So how old...
Captain?
- Yes, try to show yourself
worthy of it, Edmond.
Of course, sir.
Of course.
Huh?
That is good.
She inspires. Edmond!
I can't believe it.
I have to... I have
to tell you something.
Who loves me?
Yes... that. But...
- No, there are no “buts”.
- Wait.
- But I...
- Start again.
You kiss a future captain.
- You will be...
- Yes.
- Then we can...
- Yes. We will be able to.
I missed you.
I missed you. I missed you.
See you later.
Edmond!
-Juliette.  Are you well?
- And you?
Yes.
- How are you?
- It's Edmond, Louis' son.
- Hello sir.
- Good morning.
- Where is daddy?  I have to see him.
- At home.
See you later.
You can smile,
this is good news.
You grimace.
It's joy.
I'm so proud of you.
Captain.
Notified Mr. and
Mrs. de Morcerf?
Not yet. I wanted
to tell you first.
Everything is going
to change, dad.
You have to tell them.
- It's all thanks to them.
- And you too.
I didn't pay for
your naval studies.
Come on, my son.
Go and pay your respects.
So, cheers! I raise my glass
in memory of his mother, Edmond.
Because we miss her
and because she gave birth
Marseille's youngest captain!
- Bravo!
- Applaud him, he will be uncomfortable.
There, perfect.
But most of all
because Mathilde Dantès
She was the nanny of
a future French couple
to a heroic destiny,
one of the best
officers in Europe,
Call Fernand
Morcerf, to serve you.
Louis, come and toast with
us. This is the opportunity.
Thank you, sir.
Later, perhaps.
You can reprimand Mercédès.
She doesn't listen to me anymore.
Maybe she'll be
late for the wedding.
- Ah, finally!
- Oh.
Sorry for my delay,
my aunt. Hello uncle.
Horace de Balios
did what he wanted.
I almost hit him.
But anyway, Mercédès.
Who is this gentleman?
It's a horse. He comes
from a very good family.
- Good morning, my cousin.
Edmond.
Mercédès.
Are you ready for the
party? Edmond has big news.
Yes yes.
Yes, I will be captain.
Pharaoh's
Captain. It's official.
- And truth?
- Hmm.
- Good job.
- For the captain!
- I have!
-Oh!  For your health!
- I'm happy for you.
- Me too.  I am happy
- for me.  Health.
- Are you going to buy a new uniform?
And a new salary.
He will be able to enjoy life,
to take advantage
of the good weather.
We will explain it to you.
I will be able to get
married, above all.
What?
You will be my witness.
- Don't count on it!
- Well, yes!
The witness of a waste!
Mercédès, say something.
- I tried, but he's madly in love.
- Oh, completely crazy.
And does she know this?
Finally, does she agree?
Yes. From what she told me,
- Yes yes.
- I know.
It's Juliet.
- Who?
- The seamstress with the naughty face.
No! No, it's not Juliette.
No, it's a real woman,
very beautiful.
Not just pretty.
Hmm.
- Mysterious and captivating.
- Yes!  No no,
- Yes yes.
- But who is it?
She is your cousin.
Mercédès Herrera de Morcerf.
You?
- Yes.
- Let's get married.
But she's completely crazy.
And your mother
will never want to.
- Do you think mom
can refuse me anything?
Then you will convince her. She
was always your favorite niece.
AMEN!
I carry it here,
signed by Mr. de Villefort,
King's Attorney,
an arrest warrant for the
man named Edmond Dantès.
- Follow us.
What's going on?
- No, leave it.
- There must be an explanation.
- Come.
- Let me go.
- Wait.
- Fernand, do something!
- What is it? My son
didn't do anything.
This must be a misunderstanding.
Where are they taking
him? I will accompany you.
- We must take him alone, sir.
- Lieutenant.
Lieutenant Fernand de Morcerf.
Tell your friends
to let us pass.
It's a real order.
I'll take care of it.
- Please follow us now.
-Edmond!
I will be back, my love.
Edmond Dantès, Mr. Attorney.
Leave us.
I've always admired
sailors like you, Mr. Dantès.
I'm just afraid of the sea.
It's true, this endless abyss.
These black waters.
A monster always seems ready
to come out and devour you.
- What am I being accused of? Why
am I being arrested at my wedding?
Do you have any
enemies, Lord Dantes?
A... an enemy?
Or jealous.
Just been named captain, You're
going to marry a beautiful match...
It might have made
people jealous.
I don't know, no.
I had a disagreement
recently with a crew member,
But what could he accuse me of?
I don't know.
To be a Napoleonic
agent, for example.
Forgiveness?
But... that doesn't make sense.
- We found this
Bible in your cabin.
Is this your Bible?
It has your name written on it.
Yes, finally, it is
still not a crime.
And truth.
But we also found a
mission order inside
signed in Napoleon's own hand.
And that is a crime.
Wait.
No, this is the first time
I have seen this letter.
If there is no enemy, who
could have put it there?
Off the coast of Cape Corso, I
saved a young girl from drowning.
Did she thank you in your cabin?
No.
Danglars locked her
there. She left in Marseilles.
You can check.
Ask the foreman
Gaspar Caderousse.
- Caderousse?
- Yes.
What do you know about her?
Nothing.
Mr Dantes.
I interviewed dozens
of conspirators
and I don't think
it's one of them.
I would like to help a
friend of the Morcerfs,
but I need you to help me.
I swear I don't know
anything about her.
She told me her name was Angèle.
That's all.
You...
Did you reveal this young
woman's name to anyone?
No.
Not even for this Caderousse?
For no one. word of honor.
You see, Mr. Dantès,
I believe in you.
However, I will be forced
to keep it a little longer,
time to question
the rest of the crew.
If they confirm your testimony,
of which I have no doubt,
I will return you to your bride, that
you will have a lot of time to hate me.
Count on her.
Fernand will bring
it back to you.
I can't take it
anymore, I'm going.
There's nothing more I can do.
It would be good for you
if they didn't release him.
How can you say such horrors?
Gérard, whatever they told
you about Dantès, I guarantee it.
Leave us a moment, gentlemen.
Fernand, I'm so
sorry about your friend.
I know your connections.
But he doesn't know everything.
We found a mission order
from the Emperor on him.
And his companions say
he is one of their supporters.
I think you understand the
seriousness of these accusations.
He was arrested before
marrying Mercédès
and that the irreparable
is not committed,
but if you're willing to vouch,
If you think these
two men are lying...
If you are willing
to take that risk,
then I will set you free.
You only have one word to say.
No.
No?
He doesn't deserve it...
What doesn't he deserve?
May our family
name be tarnished.
If Dantes betrayed us,
may he suffer
the fate of traitors.
I can be sure...
May no lawsuit tarnish the
reputation of the Morcerfs.
I'll need your testimony.
Do you understand
what is happening?
So shut up.
- Mr. Dantès?
- Were you able to speak to the prosecutor?
- Yes sir.
This is a day I will not forget.
Won't you take me home?
No, in fact.
Let's go.
What is happening?
Let me go.
Call the Prosecutor I
spoke to the Prosecutor!
Talk to him. Talk to him!
I'm innocent! I didn't
do anything! Let me go.
Shh, shh, shh.
You would have been guilty, you
would have been hanged. We take you,
because he knows things
we don't want to hear.
Let's go.
Stop.
Stop!
Let me go!
Where is he?
I couldn't do anything.
Mercédès.
Leave me.
It wouldn't do any good.
-Mercédès...
- To stop.
Please.
What's wrong, Victoria?
- Aren't you happy to see me?
- Your sister is here.
Miss de Villefort.
Clandestine suits you perfectly.
Sorry I can't return
the compliment.
Brandy? Sorry,
I'm out of sea water.
Yes, it's my job to
know everything.
So you know that
Dantes is innocent.
Innocent... Yes.
Who is really innocent?
He didn't do anything.
Why did you stop him?
But to save your life.
My life or your reputation?
- We are both in politics.
In politics, we do
not exclude a man,
we have removed an obstacle.
I knew that he practiced
his profession with cruelty,
but I expected you
to do it honestly.
Why don't you
report it in his place?
But I will, Gérard.
If you refuse to
save him, I will.
But would you rather
people ignore my existence,
Victoria's,
Your lover,
and your future child.
That's exactly what I thought.
Alive?
Alive.
Alive!
Alive?
Alive.
Go far away...
Leave the coast...
And who knows the
way... Who knows exactly...
Is anyone there?
There is someone.
- Who are you?
Uh, I... Dantès, Edmond Dantès.
- How old are you?
- Your voice sounds like a young man.
- I have...
I don't know anymore.
I was 22 years old...
when they locked me up.
May 16, 1815.
It was four years ago.
He is 26 years old.
Four years?
AND...
And you, who are you?
A prisoner.
Like you.
How long has it been?
Shh!
What?
- They're coming.
- Wait.
Don't leave me.
Who are you? At
least tell me your name.
Your name!
Scams
34! Alive?
Alive.
I was waiting for you.
Do you really think
you can get out of here?
I dug 30 m in six years.
To bypass your cell
and reach the outside,
you will have to
dig twice as long.
12 years?
Maybe a little less, now
that there will be two of us.
For what? Do you
have other plans?
No.
I am Abbot Faria.
Edmond Dantes.
Have you never seen this letter?
No, never.
And you? Do you
know why you're here?
- Yes.
They wanted to silence you.
Me, they wanted to make me talk.
I choose people I trust.
Don't know Italian?
- No.
- English, Arabic, Latin, Greek?
I only know the sea.
If you want, I'll teach you.
With patience and desire,...
in 6 or 7 years, You will
know everything I know.
History, philosophy,
mathematics.
These are...
These are weapons
that are as liberating as this.
Hmm.
What's the first thing
you're going to do
if we can leave?
I'm going to find Mercédès.
What would you do if
she didn't wait for you?
So I won't have
anything anymore.
I'm going to tell you
a story, Edmond.
He inspires.
700 years ago,
in Jerusalem, during
the first crusade,
the knights
responsible for protecting Christ's tomb,
they created the order of the Templars.
On the first day,
there are only a few of them,
but they have immense faith.
Thanks to your victories,
the Order
accumulates a fortune...
considerable.
Consi... Considerable.
I tell you about the greatest treasure
that the Earth has ever carried.
AND...
over time,
his power, his wealth,
make people jealous.
And on Friday, October 13th, 1307,
the king of France, Philip the Fair,
orders his arrest
and seizure of their assets.
But no one ever
found the treasure.
He knows...
What did these knights do
with this immense fortune?
- No.
- Nothing!
Edmond, nothing.
Too busy getting revenge,
to punish those
who betrayed them,
they died one after the other.
Well, almost everyone.
The last of them
it was Cardinal Spada.
At the end of his life, taking
refuge on the island of Monte Cristo,
he had time to
train one last knight.
This young man was called...
Giuseppe Faria.
I am the last survivor, Edmond.
He inspires. And I know
where is the treasure.
Half of that
comes back to you today.
But what will you
do with this fortune?
It will do good
or will you let your
heart fill with hate?
I'm going to empty the bag.
Edmond.
Huh?
She's salty.
The water is salty.
We're almost there.
It's a matter of days.
We are there, we are there.
I will be back.
Stay away!
Abbot?
Abbot? Abbot?
He groaned.
Then.
-Edmond.
- No, no, don't talk.
I'll ask for help.
No.
It's too late.
Don't be sad.
You have been the only
consolation in my life.
The Lord gave me...
a little late, but
he gave it to me.
I'm not crazy, Edmond. He cries.
I know.
The treasure exists.
You know where to find it.
Let's go together!
Don't forget.
Monte Cristo.
Mount...
Abbot?
Abbot.
The abbot?
Don't leave me.
Don't leave me. Eh?
Alive?
Alive!
Number 17?
Oh, 17!
Abbot?
Oh, Abbot?
Oh! He's dead, throw the bag!
Moans of effort
What it is?
The abbot.
Alive?
Alive!
Standing.
Standing!
I said get up!
Alert!
ONE...
TWO...
Alert!
AND THREE!
Hey! There's nothing to do here.
Go away!
I came to see
Louis. Louis Dantes.
Did you know Louis?
Yes.
We buried him, poor Louis.
A long time ago.
No, it's not possible.
He died of hunger
when his son died.
He wanted to join him.
But his...
But your son is not dead.
Sorry.
Were you also a sailor?
- Yes.
- Hmm.
I'll give you something to eat.
But then it disappears, right?
And Mercé... Mercédès?
And Fernand de Morcerf?
- It must have been 7 or 8
years since they last came.
They have lived in Paris
since the birth of their son.
It's very late.
Avoid the Ligurian Sea
and their incessant patrols.
Head to Sardinia.
You can stop in Santa
Teresa di Gallura.
The island of Monte
Christ is located
west of the Tuscan Archipelago.
It will land in the far south.
I know you will be impressed
by its austere beauty.
I envy him discovering
this for the first time.
Then.
It's there.
The vault of the
illustrious Spada family.
The rest, Edmond,
It's your story.
That of a man who has the world
in the palm of your hand.
Marseille One year later
- Please go ahead.
- Stop.
- I'll pay you tomorrow.
- No no.  Gaspar, get out.
Mr. Caderousse
is a friend of mine.
On his deathbed, Edmond
Dantes asked me to share
among those who
were important to him.
He thought he had been
denounced by a certain Danglars.
But he was convinced that two
men had remained loyal to him.
He told me:
“One is called
Gaspard Caderousse,
"and the second,
Fernand de Morcerf."
Keep your diamond.
None of us deserve anything.
Wait, my son.
If I reveal to you what I know,
we will know it came from me.
And these people
are rich and powerful.
There's nothing to fear,
I am bound by the
secrecy of confession.
Sit down.
Dantes was right about Danglars.
He was the one who reported him.
But Fernand de Morcerf?
He was your friend.
Can you be friends with the
one whose wife you covet?
For the love of Mercédès,
he sacrificed Edmond.
He will live. But for
everyone, he will be dead.
Hmm.
The only one who would
deserve Dantès' affection is Morrel.
The ship owner?
He fought for him
to be released.
And he too, Providence
thanked him very little.
After Dantes' arrest,
had to accept Danglars
back as captain.
But Danglars also betrayed him.
Destroyed half of his fleet,
allegedly stolen by pirates.
Ruined, Morrel had
to sell the company.
And guess who
bought it for a pittance?
Danglars.
Two months later,
the boats reappeared.
But the Prosecutor
Villefort did not give in.
It must be said that
they shared a secret.
Little Victoria,
Villefort's lover,
became Madame Danglars.
She is a baroness today.
Morrel died in poverty.
And what about you, in
all this, Mr. Caderousse?
You?
What could I do
facing a captain, a
count and a procurator?
If I had been braver, I probably
would have ended up like her.
She?
Angele.
She had gone to see her
brother to save Dantès.
I freed myself
by Dantes. It's up
to you to get rid of it.
Look? I also have friends.
What happened?
Was she killed?
She would have suffered less.
Danglars had
other plans for her.
He sold it to the Maillard brothers,
the basket masters of Toulon.
The little one was beautiful,
got a good price for it.
He knew everything
and did nothing.
I'm ashamed, Father.
One day I will return.
And I will offer you the
opportunity to redeem yourself.
I no longer come to pray
for you or look for you,
but just to let you know:
I will do what you couldn't do.
From now on, I'm the one
who rewards and punishes.
Do you want something?
- Who are you?
Years ago,
you told me:
"I will not forget your
courage, but forget my name."
Well, I haven't forgotten
your name or your courage.
Dantes.
I came to get you, Angèle.
For me, it's too late.
But it can save the child.
The child?
When I arrived here,
I only had one idea in mind:
take revenge on my brother.
For weeks, I searched
for a way to escape.
One day, the opportunity
presented itself. I ran away.
With a client.
A carpenter from Paris.
I knew that Gérard had
been appointed there.
I found Victoria's trail,
your lover.
I wanted to continue
the story where it left off.
It was very cold.
That night...
Gérard would have to die.
Nothing could stop me.
I can still feel the metal
of the knife in my hand.
But nothing went as planned.
Victoria's crying.
When Gérard went out into the
garden, he was carrying a trunk.
I followed him.
I got closer when... baby crying
When I heard the
muffled cry of a child.
I couldn't leave her.
He still had his mother's
blood in his body.
Between revenge and life...
I chose life.
I ran away with him.
I didn't know anyone in Paris.
Then I went back to my store.
But the brothers
Maillard found him.
And they were waiting for me.
Angele...
What happened to the child?
Hello André.
Angèle made me come get you.
For what?
She will die.
I'll take you to her so
she can say goodbye.
Then we will leave.
Let's take...
all the time needed to be ready.
Ready to do what?
To get revenge, André.
Take revenge on the
three men who stole his life,
yours
and mine.
- I want to kill them.
- That would be very easy.
Very sweet.
No.
We have to rip out their hearts.
- Who are you?
- I am the Count
of Monte Cristo.
Paris Five years later
General de Morcerf decided
today to abandon the army
to dedicate his life to politics,
in the Chamber of Peers.
The French army
loses a great soldier,
but France gains a great man.
Fernand de Morcerf
fought in Moscow, in Leipzig,
in Türkiye...
Everywhere, at the risk
of his life, he defended
a certain idea of ​​the
kingdom of France.
Fernand paid the price of his
commitment and respect in the flesh
of the given word.
10 years ago,
while France's ally
Ali Paxá de Janina was
surrounded by Turkish troops,
Colonel de Morcerf
threw everything.
At the head of a
squadron of brave soldiers,
achieved a breakthrough
behind the Ottomans
to come and give your
ally a helping hand.
This act of insane courage
unfortunately it will not have been
enough, but all the French know it:
“We do not fight in
the hope of success!
"No! No, it's much more
beautiful when it's useless."
Is it better?
He wasn't very attentive
to Eugénie Danglars.
- Father.
- She will have 2 million dowry,
on the wedding day.
Fernand!
So I must pay
attention to his fortune.
Better minus a
medal and plus a zero.
Our son is a man of his time.
He's a romantic who believes in...
Return the medal!
There!
That's enough.
If I had known the honor of your
visit, I would have prepared for it.
Outside!
Gentlemen... If I had
known the honor of your visit,
I would have prepared for that.
I'm sorry to receive
you in a makeshift home.
I've been in France
for a short time.
Count, I'm ashamed
to bother you,
but we can never
thank you enough.
I'm sure he would have
done the same for me.
Count, I owe you my life.
I'm glad to see you
back on your feet.
I ordered repairs to
the cross that had split.
It's yours now.
Thank you very much,
but I can't accept it.
I already owe you a debt
that I don't know how to pay.
Do you like weapons?
Please.
It's one of my most
beautiful pieces.
Ottoman style pistol.
Yes, but the iron guard
engraved with foliage
indicates that this barrel is
of European manufacture.
From Venice, actually.
You are a connoisseur.
My father fought
against Sultan Khursit
alongside Ali Paxá.
Morcerf.
Is it the famous
general from Morcerf?
I'm very impressed.
Would you be willing to try?
Unfortunately, I am
expected in the Chamber.
- Next time.
- It'll only take a moment.
You deserve your reputation,
in general.
Let's change the
target to you, Albert.
Remind me never to challenge you
for a duel.
Thank you for leaving your
son with me for a few hours.
I can't wait to learn more about the one
that providence has placed in my path.
I will participate in Baron
Danglars' hunt on Sunday.
Join us.
I won't be able to, I have to
welcome Prince Cavalcanti's son.
Come on, both of us.
There will be enough deer.
See you soon.
Until Sunday, I hope.
Everything is fine?
I kept a small metal souvenir
away from my Ottoman stay.
Prefer to sing the
song with guns?
Follow me.
Please forgive me.
I had no intention of
disrespecting... your wife.
Haydée is not my wife.
She is my goddaughter.
After you.
Haydee.
What a wonderful name.
It is a very common
name in Greece.
It could be translated as...
modesty or... innocence.
May I ask you to
introduce me to Haydée?
He seems like a
trustworthy young man.
Furthermore, I will introduce you to
Haydée, but you must make me a promise.
I will do this for
you in advance.
I'm not kidding.
Never try to seduce her.
So you think I'm dangerous?
No.
But she is.
If you don't keep your promise,
she will break your heart
and his.
- But...
- She's not ready to love yet.
The secret to your voice
can be found in your past.
After her father's murder,
she was sold to a Vlach tribe.
That's where I met
and welcomed her.
You know, there are
sorrows and heartaches
that take years to heal.
They leave a veil over souls.
Never try to lift
this veil, Albert.
I promise.
Good.
You will walk softly,
without a glance at us.
You're only going to turn
around when I call you.
Haydee.
Alberto de Morcerf, I
present to you Haydée.
Delighted.
Enchanted.
Nice to meet you, miss.
What if he doesn't
want to meet me?
He will.
Stand up!
To stand is to survive.
Hide that we grew up in
poverty, it's about surviving.
Do you understand? Why, André?
Because I am Prince
Andreia Cavalcanti.
- Cavalcanti, doesn't that mean goat?
- What?
Don't be surprised.
Hear me say "what"?
Resume.
I am the prince
Andrea Cavalcanti.
- You don't have an accent,
prince. How is this done?
A very strict teacher
made me lose it with a stick.
Insolence. Your elbows.
Dear Count,
- Pleasure to meet you.
- Allow me a secret.
French life is still unknown
to me, please excuse me
if my manners seem too Slavic,
Neapolitan or Arabic to you.
This is the Count of Monte Cristo
and Prince Andrea Cavalcanti.
- Sirs.
- Count.
Prince.
Meeting your father, no
matter how disturbing it is,
should not distract you from
your target: Baron Danglars.
Thanks to the stolen boats,
made a fortune in slavery.
- Your reputation precedes you.
- Don't be fooled by his smile.
He is brutal. He not only
knows this, but is proud of it.
Can I make you a confession?
French life is still unknown to
me, I will ask you to forgive me
if my manners seem too Slavic,
Neapolitan or Arabic to you.
When you are rich, you can
never be too much at anything.
Your daughter is
your weak point.
Prince.
Baron.
- Eugénie.
- Is the terrain good?
- It's perfect.
- Then let's go.
On horseback, gentlemen.
Your Honor, Count.
Thank you very much,
but I did it a long time ago
the oath to kill just
to defend myself.
So let me come to your defense.
Perfect.
Prince.
You're welcome.
Let's have lunch.
Eugénie?
- Thanks. Suzanne, I present
to you Prince Andrea Cavalcanti,
the Italian protégé
of Monte Cristo.
He takes care of me.
My father is afraid that the beauties
of Paris make me do stupid things.
Speaks French perfectly.
A very strict teacher made
me lose my accent with sticks.
- But it's horrible.
- It's false, above all.
- My mother is French.
- What an idiot.
Glad you could join us.
His protégé's hand
did not tremble.
The animal didn't even suffer.
And this is an execution
expert talking to you.
Do you often bump heads?
Much less than before.
Fashion is for indulgence.
I'm sorry for robbing you of the Count,
but I want to introduce you to someone.
- Sirs.
Dear.
Finally, I present to you
the Count of Monte Cristo.
Lady of Morcerf. My respects.
Everything is fine?
Yes, it is...
It's the emotion of meeting
the man you would cry without.
Lord, I owe you my son's life,
and for this
benefit I bless you.
You reward me generously
for a simple action.
But I'm glad I
spared him the pain.
I asked the count
to be our guest,
but so far he has refused.
Maybe you'll have better luck?
Will you give me the pleasure and
honor of one day being our guest?
Certainly, my lady.
Let me move away. I would
hate to monopolize you.
But... what's going on?
Do you want me to call someone?
Albert.
What do you know about this man?
Mother.
You are always suspicious
of my new acquaintances,
but the count saved my life.
He's as rich as a king.
What should I fear from him?
You're right.
My terrors are foolish.
Mr. King's attorney,
It is on my honor, as
lieutenant of the royal armies,
that I attest here that
the name Edmond Dantès
testified in my presence
on several occasions
of sympathy for the usurper
and his desire to take up
arms to overthrow the monarchy.
These words impress me because
Edmond Dantès was my friend,
But I cannot let this
crime go unpunished.
I have seen many men die
because of traitors to the country.
That's not how
you're going to sleep.
I wasn't looking for that.
Are you afraid of
your nightmares?
I'm afraid I won't
have it anymore.
They help me keep
my wounds open.
Have you seen this again?
Yes.
Was she as beautiful
as he remembered?
I thought the pain
would have changed her.
It must have been short-lived.
Her eyes were not those of a
woman who was crying a lot.
- She will regain the taste for tears
when her husband is taken from her.
I pass.
200...
more than 500.
I give up.
I wouldn't invite you to my
table if you knew how to play.
Then.
There are only three of us left.
I'll leave you alone.
Two pairs.
Good job.
Color.
It has many hearts.
I'm going to run away
before I ruin my father.
- Come on, Albert.
- Yes, that's it,
- Go see these ladies.
- Unhappy in the game, happy in love.
I like your prince very much.
He's charming.
I barely know him, to be honest.
Your father is a business relationship.
A good family, without a doubt.
If by “good” is meant “rich”,
yes, it is Italy's second fortune.
Hmm...
The second?
So do you know the first one?
Don't make me immodest.
Well, people richer than me.
His family dreams of seeing
him marry a girl in Paris, but...
If the son is as fickle
as the father, be careful.
Rest assured,
I distrust everyone in general.
And from foreigners,
in particular.
I am also a foreigner.
You, Count, that doesn't
count. You are a Count.
And it rhymes, have you seen it?
You are a poet.
About the foreigner,
L'Impartial was bought
by an Englishman.
Absolutely,
a certain Halifax.
One Lord, it seems.
He buys newspapers
to spread fake news
and speculate on
the stock market.
He's a criminal
of the worst kind.
He doesn't seem to
like this Lord very much.
Let's say I love
a lot of people,
but I only hate certain people.
Hating an Englishman is
not a sin. It's common sense.
Are you leaving already?
It's almost midnight. Our
carriage will become a pumpkin.
Albert.
Miss.
I was going to forget your fan.
Thank you, sir.
- Can I count on you?
- For?
Join you for dinner
coming soon to Paris.
I found a place to stay.
Well... Of course sir.
Good.
See you soon.
Count.
Lady of Morcerf.
It left when I arrived.
I don't see any
connection there.
I wanted to ask for
your forgiveness.
Ask me for forgiveness?
For my dizziness the other day.
It reminded me of someone I
knew well who passed away
in tragic circumstances.
For a moment, I...
It's starting again, I can't
find my words anymore...
I'm sorry to remind
you of that bad memory.
Don't worry, it dissipated.
So much better.
I wish you a good night.
Count.
The carriage moves away.
Albert.
“Haydee.
“I shouldn't write to you.
So I'm not writing to you.
"I shouldn't know you..."
I am therefore not suggesting that
you meet at the Jardin des Plantes,
tomorrow at 5 o'clock.
This place, where I
won't be tomorrow,
contains the most
mysterious flowers in Paris.
It comes from a country nicknamed
the land of clouds and jasmine.
We can count on the
Paris sky for clouds,
I'll put jasmine in my lapel.
So I won't tell
you until tomorrow.
And I haven't been telling
you this since I saw you,
your voice and your
face never leave me.
Albert.
Won't he report us?
He is very loyal to the count,
but he has a weakness for me.
It's a strelitzia.
Where I come from, there were
some on a path that leads to the sea.
It is also called
the bird of paradise,
pasărea paradisului.
Passarea paradisului?
Good.
Why doesn't he have a bride?
But maybe there is one?
My father would like me to
marry a Baron's daughter.
But I...
I'm looking for something this
young woman will never have.
This... indefinite charm that is to
women what perfume is to flowers.
Or what the fruit tastes like.
I don't know if Parisians
like to be caught or tasted,
but not me.
- That's not what I meant.
- I was joking with you.
Will be at dinner
Count on Saturday?
No. I'll serve as an
alibi for my mother
who flees worldliness
like the plague.
And you?
I don't know your mother,
I don't know what
her tastes are,
But I share your disgust.
Neither he nor his
mother will come to dinner.
But Fernand de
Morcerf will be there.
What's the problem?
Aren't you talking
to me about Albert?
There's nothing
to say about that.
It's normal to doubt.
Be afraid. I understand that.
But when the time comes,
you need to remember...
I don't need
to remind me of what
his father did to mine.
He placed his lips there.
Thanks
- Very expensive.
- Of course.
Dear friends.
Good evening, Victoria.
I also expected
more spectacular,
There's no point
in making that face.
There will definitely
be surprises inside.
The baby is crying.
Hmm...
He doesn't seem to
have much of an appetite.
I've eaten pork and poultry.
This house is... beautiful.
Despite everything,
I feel surprised.
Nothing escapes him.
I thought a man like you would
choose a more central neighborhood,
like... the Champs-Elysées
or Saint-Germain.
I bought this house because
I was advised against it.
For what?
Well, they say it's haunted.
A crime would have happened
there... Abominable, years ago.
Be careful, we have the
King's Procurator here.
And truth.
A child will have
been sacrificed.
It's horrible.
Did you buy this house anyway?
You did well.
These ghost stories are nonsense
invented by malicious servants.
Or jealous neighbors.
Think again, Prosecutor.
I lived in Asia and India,
and it's hard to come back from
this without knowing that it really exists
a world...
invisible, populated by spirits.
When I visited this house,...
I knew immediately...
I had the strange conviction that
a crime had been committed here.
So I asked
- until I'm alone.
- But...
weren't you scared?
If your conscience is pure,
ghosts don't haunt you.
They talk to you.
-And what did they tell you?
- But yes, what did they tell you?
That night, I settled here.
Right in front
of that fireplace.
I smoked a little opium
to be more receptive.
There is nothing like it to expand
the spectrum of your consciousness.
And in the sweetness
of the smoke...
I felt like... suspended.
I hear a knock on the walls.
Then a second.
I lowered my hand.
And I hear screams coming
from above. I go up the stairs.
The screams turn into... moans.
Comes from a room
at the end of the corridor.
I push the door and
find myself in a room.
In the middle there is a bed.
I put my hand there.
And I see a woman
writhing in pain.
She gives birth to a child.
She's alone, abandoned.
She screams.
And then I feel a
presence behind my back.
Suddenly.
You terrify these ladies.
And you enchant us.
Carry on, I beg you.
Come on, you're
ruining the party.
I turn around, shaking.
And at this moment,
I hear a whisper in my ear.
It's a child's voice.
A child's voice begging me
to free him.
Finally I found a door,
a back door I hadn't seen.
I push her.
Stairs... Lead to the garden.
And she came back,
the child's voice.
He told me he had been alone
for a long time. He was crying.
He calls his mother.
That night, I...
I looked, but...
the garden was very big.
What... What did you do?
Forgiveness?
The garden was very big...
What did you do?
Yes.
The next morning we dug.
Everywhere.
We uprooted the apple
trees, I returned the path...
And nothing.
So I brought a truffled
pig from Périgord.
So what?
Since he didn't
find anything either,
we ate tonight.
Wonderful!
I said it was just a fable.
A fable, exactly.
At least that's what I
thought. Until yesterday.
While we were colonized
the torches for the reception,
one of them broke.
We dug there and...
we discovered a chest.
So what?
What was inside?
I don't know.
Like this?
I waited for it... to open.
What if there is a body?
We will give you a burial.
Prosecutor, you may wish
open it?
- I beg you, don't open it.
- That's enough.
Abracadabra!
Oh, I don't know
which is true in this story,
but you are a magician,
Count.
How is it possible? He
spoke as if he were there.
All these details were... I
thought I was going crazy.
Calm down, please.
- Where is our son's body?
- I don't know.
- Did you put it there?
- Yes.
You told me he was
dead! You told me!
Of course he was dead.
- So where is he?
- I don't know.
- Where is our son?
- I don't know!
Shut up, you're
hysterical! I don't know.
Calm down.
I know one thing.
It's just that
before eight days,
I will know who this
Mr. Monte Cristo is,
where it comes
from, where it goes,
and why he talks in front of
us about the children we buried.
Danglars is obsessed with money.
He won't suspect
from those who don't
ask for it. Morcerf
Trust me since I saved your son.
Villefort remains.
Villefort is the Prosecutor.
He is suspicious.
And thanks to this dinner,
Victoria will demand explanations.
So, to reassure her
and reassure herself,
he will investigate.
And as we always learn
more from malicious mouths,
it is the Count's
enemy that he will see.
Mr Halifax.
What do you want to know?
If I can harm you,
it will be a pleasure.
The count has already
been in Paris? He claims no.
If he was already
here, I would know.
But then, do you know
where he was 15 years ago?
Yes. In India.
But...
I must say,
At the time, he still amused me.
But then...
Then what?
One night I was
correcting a servant
who had looked for it well.
But...
Monte Cristo developed a
passion for these savages,
with its pagan gods,
its absurd magic.
Ridiculous beliefs.
Then he challenged me to a duel.
By a native?
But yes! A native!
Can you believe it?
Oh.
It's hot, don't you
think? How hot!
I am brought to my fan,
for the love of heaven!
We're suffocating here!
Not this one.
Thanks.
Hmm. And you,
Lord de Villefort?
What did he do to you?
Nothing.
I don't know whether I should consider
him among my friends or among my enemies.
If he were your enemy,
you would already know that.
He has flaws, but he is not
a man to hide his intentions.
Hmm.
But...
take care.
Mr Prosecutor.
If he becomes your friend,
that will make you my enemy.
Of course.
Yes.
Thank you, Mr. de
Villefort, It was very pleasant
discuss with you,
but I have a lot to do.
Thanks.
Mr Prosecutor.
Victor.
Count?
Prepare the
horses, let's go back.
Now that Villefort
has let his guard down,
we can prepare our attack.
I'm going south.
I'm going back to Danglars' party
for his daughter's 20th birthday.
I'm counting on you,
André, to get closer to her.
And in you, Haydée,
to bewitch Albert.
Go ahead.
Good.
It can accommodate up to 600
blacks, 700 pushing a little, but...
I am a humanist.
I called him Hercules.
My mother said this is the lineage
of people destined for great things.
And that's your... love phrase.
And then I read this...
I have to tell you something.
Yes?
I would like to love you,
- but I can't.
- I know.
You won't offer me
the feelings he has for Suzanne.
It will be our secret.
It will be well kept.
I know what it's
like to be double.
Of not being able
to say who we are.
I'll be your alibi.
The time has come
to redeem yourself.
Inaudible words
I live again in dreams
every second of these
moments with you.
I will take the memory
of your eyes into my night,
and I don't want
to talk to anyone
so as not to waste
the echo of your words
that still trembles in my heart.
I keep your sheet
music close to me.
I love the image
you give me of you,
but also and above all for the
memory that she will carry forever,
that of a moment in life
that is worth a lifetime.
buzz
- See you later.
Prince.
Eugénie. This party is in
your image, alive and joyful.
Thank you, Andrea.
It will include the Count of
Monte Christ among your guests?
17.
17?
You are the 17th to
ask me the question.
And what does everyone answer?
That there will be
no 18th. There it is.
- Excuse me.
miss.
- Count.  Did your trip go well?
- Wonderfully.
- Thanks.
- Eugénie is impatient
to see you again, miss.
Count, will you allow me?
The pleasure is mine.
Does the count know
we saw each other?
I didn't tell you anything.
- Could he have guessed?
- Only God knows what he is capable of.
They're beautiful, aren't they?
They seem so eager to live.
We are always in
a hurry to be happy.
No?
Do me the honor of your arm.
I want to take some steps.
Your hand is shaking.
He seems to be cold.
We have, in my family,
cold hands but warm heart.
Here. That will warm us up.
Our grapes are
worse than in Sicily
but it will be lenient
with our northern sun.
I'm sorry.
Please forgive me, but...
I never drink.
Are you going to eat something?
I'll have to refuse again.
Mr. Conde, there is an Arab
custom that makes friends forever
those who shared bread
and salt under the same roof.
I know you, ma'am.
But we are in Paris
and not Tangier.
There is no more eternal friendship
here than sharing bread and salt.
But finally... We're
friends, aren't we?
But definitely.
Why wouldn't we be?
So, in the absence of bread and
salt, Share with me some memories.
What do you want to know?
It's true that you saw so much,
I traveled so much,
suffered so much?
What makes you say that?
Your eyes.
In every traveler there is the
desire to find or escape something.
Did you find it?
I haven't finished my trip yet.
Do you live alone?
I don't have a sister,
neither son nor father.
I only have Haydée who,
I'm sure, will leave me soon.
How can you live like this,
without anything to
connect you to life?
I loved a young girl.
That I was going to get married.
Years ago.
But when the war came
and took me away from it...
I thought she would love
me enough to wait for me.
To remain faithful
to me until the grave.
But when I came back,
was married.
Maybe he had a weaker
heart than the others.
I suffered more than
they would have suffered
- That's all.
- Did this love remain in your heart?
We only really loved it once.
No?
Did you see her again?
Never.
Never?
Did you forgive
him his suffering?
We can only forgive those
who ask us for forgiveness.
What if she asked you
for forgiveness today?
- Buy L'Impartial! The fleet
Danglars stolen from Marseille!
L'Impartial, ladies and
gentlemen! L'Impartial!
Buy!
How can boats be stolen
from a port in broad daylight?
Were they at least insured?
In your opinion?
Danglars shares collapse
on the stock market.
But thanks to the
army telegraph,
Danglars will quickly learn
that nothing really happened.
You had to steal his boats.
Everything arrives on
time for those who wait.
You are saved. Their
boats have nothing.
- What?
- L'Imparcial lied.
"The Danglars fleet is still
“afloat moored in
the port of Marseille”!
Thanks. Thank you, my friends.
Danglars will remember
my words and think...
Which is a move by the
new boss of L'Impartial,
our dear Lord Halifax.
Exactly.
Monte Cristo was right.
The Englishman uses his
newspaper to speculate about my back.
You should publish denying this.
Especially not.
I don't understand.
It is necessary...
Shh!
Do you hear?
Listen.
The pleasant noise.
That tasty little noise.
The sound of falling money.
I don't understand either.
Think about it. He knows
something that no one knows yet.
Imagine: you play poker and
know your opponent's game.
- What are you doing?
- I'll restart.
Stocks are at
their lowest level.
If you buy them again in two days, I
will have made enormous added value.
My best chance.
Buy back your shares?
How much would be needed?
- 500 million.
- 500 million?
500 million. But it
must be done today.
Before the market closes and
before this Halifax scum does.
How can we find
500 million by tonight?
Going to see Lord
Halifax's greatest enemy.
I'm sorry, Baron, but...
the sea has always
brought me bad luck.
I'm not buying your shares.
- Count.
- However,
I never refuse to help a
friend and punish an enemy.
Then I will lend you that money and
you can do with it whatever you want.
And I can guarantee
a 20% interest rate.
I will lend you
money interest free.
In Sicily they say:
“You won’t get rich
off the back of a friend.”
I insist.
I had a mortgage
issued on all my assets.
Therefore, it is not
worth 500 million, but...
200 million,
that's it, I promise.
No, Baron, your
word is enough for me.
In France we say:
“Good accounts
make good friends.”
So be it. For friendship, I
accept your personal guarantees.
In a week, I will
have you reimbursed.
Let's make this man
from Halifax surrender.
A complaint is ready.
I will see to it that I bring
charges against him at trial myself.
I can't wait to be in court
to witness this execution.
Lord Halifax,
owner of L'Impartial,
called to testify today
to respond to
accusations of defamation,
he had to leave the
country in a hurry.
But you undertake to ensure
that your representative
be in this courtroom at 2 p.m.
Mr. Judge, the comedy
has gone on long enough.
We are not on the boulevards.
I ask the representative of
Mr Halifax introduce himself.
What are you doing?
It's not over yet.
I am Lord Halifax's
representative.
I'm in front of you
because L'Impartial is accused
of having published fake news.
But I say here
that the Danglars boats
have effectively disappeared.
Anyway, my fleet
is in Marseille!
It's a joke!
- What proof do you have?
- It will be enough for you
to contact the
Marseille captaincy.
So do you persist
in your statements?
I persist and sign, Mr Judge.
But I want to do it
under my real name.
Are you an impostor?
People know me as
Andrea Cavalcanti.
After years on the
streets, I was taken by a big
and rich family of
the Italian aristocracy.
I grew up like a thief
and I ended up
becoming a prince.
It is not a more honest profession,
but much more enjoyable.
It's here, in Paris, that I
finally found my real father.
I was born on November 3, 1815.
In Auteuil.
Judge, that's it...
Could the defendant present
proof of what he claims?
I'll be right there,
sir. Attorney.
Your patience will be rewarded.
I'm the bastard son of a French
aristocrat and his mistress!
My mother doesn't know
I'm alive because... my father
I told him that I
had died at birth.
He wrapped me in a
cloth and buried me alive.
It speaks, sir, of an
attempt at infanticide.
That's what should have happened
if my aunt hadn't picked
me up off the ground.
Who is accusing?
A respectable man...
that you all know.
His arm is in this linen.
My father...
is none other than the
man I have before me.
The Prosecutor of Villefort.
- Or I'll evacuate the room.
- Slander!
I will sue you!
Mr Cavalcanti,
Do you understand the
seriousness of your accusations?
I will not be satisfied with a cloth,
even if it is stained with blood.
The prosecutor will provide
you with proof of what I say.
- But he's delirious!
- Father.
Don't make my mother testify.
She, I think, has
suffered enough.
The trial is suspended
the time of an investigation.
Let's evacuate the room!
And one.
-Come on, Victoria, come on!
-Forgiveness.
Let us through.
Why didn't you
tell me the truth?
Your father wanted me
as his son-in-law, but...
I couldn't be, your
mother is mine too.
Don't forget your lifelines.
Be happy, sister.
Count!
This story makes no sense.
We are swimming in delirium.
My boats, yesterday,
were still in Marseilles. I...
I'm going to need a...
a deadline to repay it.
If...
There's nothing left, Baron.
Everything that
was yours is mine.
The only thing he has
left are these clothes.
Leave Paris and maybe
not leave your wife
and his daughter dies of hunger.
But anyway, tell me, I...
Do you think I'm brutal, Baron?
Not only do I know that,
but I brag about it.
Unstable breathing
You should take your wife home.
She is very pale.
And two.
Father!
By Angèle.
Get out of the way!
No!
For what?
Don't cry.
We knew it would end like this.
We knew that.
Haydee!
He disobeyed.
Did you disobey?
What did you disobey?
It only taught him hate.
He placed that
dagger in his hand.
It is your pain that speaks.
I loved him like a son.
mocking laughter
Dark music
Do you love me too?
Me too, are you ready to
sacrifice me for your revenge?
It's not revenge.
It's justice.
Don't forget your tears,
Haydée, Your mother's cry
and your father's blood.
And the name of the
person who betrayed them.
Don't forget his name!
If you love me
As I love you, don't
try to see me again.
He's too noble of
heart not to understand.
I maintain my strength to
fight myself and drink my tears.
Be happy away from
me, you deserve it.
Albert?
Albert.
You are crazy.
You can't stay.
Haydée, I've only
known you for a while...
Leave it.
Flee from me like one
fleeing from the plague.
- I'm going to make you unhappy.
- But run away with me.
I swear to you, Haydée,
Instead of despair, This is
the happiness I promise you.
You don't know me.
The Count doesn't know.
Haydee...
If you love me
like I love you...
Tell me goodbye.
I beg you.
Say!
So I'll tell you
attesting to God, who reads
the depths of my heart...
I wish you a happy
life without my memory.
Goodbye, my love.
This look.
Without you my life is lost.
My misfortune, right.
What are you going to do?
But rest assured, I
will keep my promise.
But please, will you live?
What is important to you?
In your eyes, I am already dead.
Let's run away.
Haydee.
If you want to join
the Morcerf family,
Albert deserves to know
your story.
If you remain silent, I will be
forced to speak in your place.
I really need to talk
in your name?
Tell me, please.
Haydée is the girl...
Stop!
I will speak.
Dark music
My father was an illustrious
man known as Ali Tebelin.
Pasha of Janina.
I was 10 years old
when he was killed before
my eyes and my mother's.
Received a French soldier
who was our ally.
Pierced by a dozen bullets,
my father
found the strength to stand
and shot the man who sold it
gouging out the eye.
I never saw my mother again.
This officer sold
me into slavery
to a Vlach tribe in the Balkans.
- His name was...
- That's enough.
Albert.
- You manipulated me.
- I warned you.
- You used me.
- You may regret your words.
- Do you think you're scaring me?
- Don't provoke me.
Albert, please.
Count!
It took everything away from me.
Except my name, which you dirty.
No!
Oh, Count, I beg you.
I consider your glove discarded.
I'll return it to you rolled
up in a ball tomorrow.
Aren't you sorry?
Did they have any
for Edmond Dantès?
Look at me.
I am nothing more than the
armed arm of deaf and blind fatality.
Fernand de Morcerf will experience
what my father experienced.
If you kill Albert,
you will no longer be able to
say: “God is for me, with me.”
He will be a killer.
The Bible says that children
will pay for their parents' crimes.
Jacopo, follow her.
He carries his gun.
Leave us, Jacopo.
Madam.
What are you doing here?
Edmond, you
will not kill my son.
What name did you say?
Yours.
Not Madame de Morcerf
who is in front of
you is Mercédès.
I don't know anyone
with that name.
I recognized you as
soon as I saw you.
And even without seeing you, I
would have recognized your voice.
My reason was struggling, but my heart
knew. Since then, I have been following him,
watching him, looking for
what he wants with Morcerf.
Fernand, I mean, ma'am.
Since we can remember
our first names.
I'm to blame.
It was I who lacked strength
in the face of your absence.
I was the one who
lacked faith when you died.
- My!
- For what?  Why was I alone?
Why was he absent?
Why was I arrested?
Why was I presumed dead?
I don't know.
I imagine he no longer
writes you love letters,
but you will easily
recognize your handwriting.
Then.
Look, Mercédès.
This is what your husband wrote
to Villefort 20 years ago.
I must take revenge,
Mercédès. It has to be.
So take revenge, Edmond.
But about the culprits.
Take revenge on Fernand who betrayed
you, take revenge on me, but spare Albert.
If you knew all the prayers...
If you knew all
the tears I shed...
Did you lose your
father in solitude?
Did you see the person you
loved in the arms of your rival?
- Did you see all this?
- No.
Yes.
But I see the man I
never stopped loving
ready to become my son's killer.
What do you want?
Do you want your child to live?
He will live.
Thanks.
Thank you, Edmond.
I will find you again.
How I always dreamed of
you, how I always loved you.
We must say goodbye.
Goodbye?
If I give up taking justice
into my own hands,
I give up what keeps me alive.
The duel will take
place tomorrow.
Goodbye, Mercédès.
Sir Albert de Morcerf,
publicly provoked the
Count of Monte Cristo.
The duel will take place at
20 paces, at my command.
Priority to those offended.
In position.
Come on, gentlemen.
Fire!
I think I see a gleam of
disappointment in your eyes.
I will never forgive
you for taking his life
and for ripping out my heart.
So I loved him.
What if I loved him?
Everything made me hate him,
but do we know why we fell in love?
No matter how much we try to
reason with each other, it's too late.
We lost our balance.
There is no more chance
But instead of hearing this
voice, It's yours that I heard.
I would have caused
his misfortune and mine!
What am I going to do with
this love I didn't give you?
Of those words
I didn't tell you?
You told him.
And he listened to them.
Albert...
Count!
Run away now.
Run away and don't let
anyone steal your happiness.
Edmond!
Edmond, show yourself!
I was waiting for you.
Finally shows his true face.
I tried to find yours.
Know who he was.
Then I followed
in his footsteps.
I've been everywhere
you've been.
I met them all:
your friends, your brothers in
arms, your enemies, everyone...
Who hasn't cheated?
To whom did you remain loyal?
Everywhere, you
showed your true face.
I lost
faith in man,
the day you betrayed me.
I should have killed myself.
It's never too late.
Get up.
Look at me.
Look at me!
He pants.
- Kill me.
We always find
greatness in the dead.
We ended up forgiving them.
I don't want to be forgiven.
Mercédès, I came
to say goodbye to you
where life separated
us from each other,
21 years ago today.
So many things have broken
in me and around me since then,
that the man I knew
no longer exists.
I promised to
love you until I die
and still a long time later,
and I will always love you,
but it is no longer in my
power to bring you happiness.
I can only offer you comfort.
Your child will be happy.
Albert and Haydée will live
the story we couldn't experience.
Happiness for our children
that will survive us and
taste the sweetness of love.
As I write to you, I am living
my last moments with you.
Everything afterward
will be just memories.
I will take them
with me to the sea,
the only place on earth
where everything is horizon
and where there are
no traces left by men.
Live and be happy.
Never forget,
until the day when providence
perhaps brings us together again,
that all human wisdom
is in these two words:
wait for
and hope.
Edmond Dantes,
the Count of Monte Cristo.